Begin this article, I want to clarify for whom is this app. For anyone who wants to be financially independent. My thoughts are not unique, but the essence is one. In order to achieve some goals in life need self-control. And in this application will try to convince the essence of reference of the budget. Is it important in our time, expense control? It would seem that all know, but necessary. As said Balzac: seeking millions rarely finds them, but who does not look finds ever! Pondering, in this thought I realize that in order to be successful you also need to be financially literate. Fate does not bring permanent happiness to anyone. Conversely those who did not venture to produce the benefits of civilization by their own labor, she brings to the void. Unreasonableness in youth leads to rapid wasting of time and state of mind. That's why, apparently, many in old age I want to live my life again. Time does not spare those who do not spend their time. Take a piece and decide for yourself. My whole life I have to work from paycheck to paycheck, or start keeping a budget, set aside a certain part and can be will be one of self-realized millionaires.
*****
This is not a global panacea. Each one of your true path. You decide to read further or not. However, for those who decided to become financially independent application will be the step for accumulating your wealth. Before writing these lines for three years, I tried to start the budget. Every day for twenty minutes to sit down and write every spent penny-tedious exercise. No wonder they say: Big money, big problems! If you do not know how to manage your finances for a month, so what to speak of the millions? After reading each paragraph, think about conclusions. You can quickly all to read and not to understand anything, but the best thing to do with success, and not for the sake of it.
*****
There are many ways to become financially independent. To win the lottery, get married, or to marry a child from a rich family or to steal a certain amount. However, there is another way to become rich. I would have this category called self-realized millionaire. 9 out of 10 millionaires, lottery winners around the world share one thing – they squandered money and completely ruined. To marry some rich tend, but let me quote the words from a poem, written 1000 years ago: 
He who has found a rich wife, 
to death will be my wife in captivity.
Rich husband-poor man 
to watch all the time will be down.
The language will be, to reproach with evil, 
to think that her husband hired servants.
Some tend to steal, but not the joy of life because to remain humane, without descending to the meanness. Immediately make a reservation, even starting budget, you may not become financially independent, but the words of Balzac will make you think again?
*****
Similarly, as in a Desk at school we tend to learn different Sciences. However, one such science home Economics was never interested in. A household was mean to that expense. The fundamental essence of reference of the budget consists in deposition of benefit for your future job or future goal. If wealth is your goal, it is unlikely that you will become rich. Unfortunately, financial literacy of the majority of the population continues to remain low. The reasons, as I have already described, are quite simple: none of the school includes in its curriculum, at least the basics of financial literacy. In the end, what did you decide? To start a budget or in a dozen years to understand that life has played a cruel joke while were you having fun? Many young people dream to build a temple to the skies in his youth, but realize in old age that he built a simple shed. Everything is in your hands. Therefore, if you decided to become financially independent, the first goal for you should be a book George Clason "the richest man in Babylon". After reading, only you will understand what I am writing in this application. So do not delay, read it online or buy at the local kiosk. Nevertheless, the transition into the next Chapter should be after reading this book.
*****
Yes, easy to read further. To open the next Chapter and not seek even the book I have been trying so hard to force words to read. Nevertheless, let us not kid ourselves. Start do not be afraid that it will last for a dozen years. Start looking for the very their wealth, and happiness, and not to remain in the power of their desires. Let us not kid ourselves, in other words, to live the dream, live the reality. In this book described in detail the very basics, which remain unaffected for several thousand years, when Babylon was a thriving city at the same time. In addition, all because the people of this city knew the secrets of financial independence. Alternatively, we could continue to work from paycheck to paycheck. Yeah maybe someone will start criticizing me, like start a business and be financially independent. Nevertheless, dear friend, in order to start a business too, you need a starting capital.
*****
I knew at the time that Rockefeller was completed just nine classes, passed the three-month courses in accounting and went to work. Several dozen rapids by passed the poor boy before it was taken to one office. His first salary, he bought a small paper book and began to write all their spending. Now, after 100 years, we see that no one else in the world has become as rich as he has. However, three years I lost to start keeping a budget. In addition, I want to say, never too late to start.
*****
In all endeavors there is a very important factor called laziness. Sometimes this human factor helps to implement the plans innovations, to implement them. However, not many existing cases will remain neglected until better days in the routine of everyday life because of laziness. 
Many people remain complacent, to this day, while discussing global issues and world news. I would like to change the world for the better. You need to start with yourself on the other hand, many are skeptical about the maintenance of the budget, saying that it would be than to manage. I will say one thing if you do not start, will not start until when you will lose your best years of life... Oh how I love many words! Therefore, in total ten minutes a day here is what you need to take for the budget. It is every day. Because even the best memory, worst of the worst of the pencil. Can miss a day and forget exactly what I have spent.
*****
Ten stories of modern slavery.
Credit cards
Peter receives 30 thousand roubles a month. In addition, he has several credit cards with a total debt of 100 thousand roubles. For servicing this loan, Petya monthly pays banks ten percent of their salaries: three thousand.
Thus to slowly pay off the loan and stop paying tribute to moneylenders Peter. First, it tightly holds on the hook for this technique as the "minimum payment": if Peter will stop spending money with credit cards, he will have in a few months to live on half the salary, which he cannot afford.
Secondly, there are so many temptations, so many things-which-can-buy-for-money... what Peter sees no other choice but to continue year after year to feed feeding on his trouble banks.
Fun fact: Peter has a dream about their own business, the return of thirty percent per annum more than would suit. However to organize a brand iron gasket — banks to pay the debt and start putting the interest on the loan in his pocket — Petya. The matrix does not allow.

Cars
Kolya loves cars. Previously, he traveled on the subway, and then saved money for Lada. Now moves to the borrowed Lancer. Got any money to spare, we often skimp on the most important, type of holiday or doctors. However, life without your car nick.
He needs to give the loan for the car, to pay for tuannie dealer additional equipment and absurdly expensive insurance. He needs to solve many problems with Parking, with scratches, with the replacement of consumables and warranty repairs. He needs time in the season to change tires and three times a week, pour yourself a full tank. 
Kolya, in principle, does not complain. Each individual cash injection in the car quite feasible. Here if only nick had carefully calculated the cost of possession of the treasure, he would have found that narrow-eyed cyberocracy "friend" monthly devours a third of his salary and half his free time.
Would Kolya has to buy a Lancer instead of good old Lada Chisel, so as not to bother no hull, no rust/scratches, and no expensive parts? To throw the car anywhere, and in order to be repaired for a small price of the good service close to home, without paperwork and without queues.
Probably could have. However, if you told him that he chose the car is not on level, then Kolya send you in the ass with your advice. Kolya will just make astonished eyes and He wagged his finger at his temple.

Small expenses
Bob works as a plumber on call. There a thousand, two, here five hundred roubles ... in General would have to make a good earnings. However, in your wallet, Vasya rarely accumulate significant amounts of money, he usually broke. Why? 
Because as Bob earns money, and spends: not counting. Five hundred roubles  for taxi home. Thousand roubles  for lunch in the restaurant. Like, work, work..., and the money is gone.
If Bob got himself a notebook and began there to record all income and expenses, it would be horror stirred the hair on my ass. Bob would see that to eat at a restaurant is not a miserable thousand at a time, as he thought, and fifty thousand a month, six hundred thousand a year. Bob could see that the taxi is convenient and comfortable, but two months movements on the shuttles will allow him to buy a new computer of which he dreams for three years.
However, as befits a normal slave Matrices, take the money Bob does not consider it necessary.

Weddings and birthdays
Alice getting married. Alice works as an assistant Manager, her choice — junior technical support engineer. The budget of the newly created family — forty thousand roubles a month.
Your wedding budget is five hundred thousand.
Why would Alice not to sign quietly to the Registrar and go on to note the exchange of rings together with her husband in some quiet restaurant? Why the toastmaster how joker, why would she want these shameful contests, why would she want this crowd of drunken rednecks, clumsily stomping feet under Beatles?
Why is there a need to get into debt, ruin parents to feed and water people who, let's be honest, is quite able to eat and drink at your expense? Alice're not stupid and understands that if she doesn't make the wedding, and no one is out in the cold: shrug your shoulders and forget the next day.
Reasons to pull out of nowhere the annual income of the family Alice two. First, she orders the Matrix in the face of our customs and traditions. Secondly, Alice wants to show off in a white dress and Alice believes that the year of work of two people — is the normal price for some wedding photos.
Of course, defenders of naive girls could say now that the wedding happens once in a lifetime... But there are still birthdays, funerals, New year's decoration. How much money does Alice would be lowered each year on these stupid gatherings?

Alcoholic loop
Yura periodically looks in the mirror and thinks, I ought to join the gym: to remove the beer belly and to cheer up the muscles with weights-free weights. However, He works five days in a week and after work drinks a mug or two of diluted ethanol.
He is not an alcoholic: Yura believes that alcohol in small doses if not useful, at least not particularly harmful.
However, the work and the alcohol is so well structured it the time to enroll in a gym he strongly once, and forces after labor feats to feats of sports no longer remains.
Acute reason to change the rhythm of their lives Yura no. Just Yura looks fifteen years older than his age and all the time feels a bit lousy... but overall everything is OK. The Matrix holds the Jura grip of steel. Likely to tear from her throat her fingers Yura, frankly, a little bit.

Advertising
Lena drinks Cola, smokes Marlboro, chews orbit and eats hamburger at McDonald's in a three-throat. From it always smells like Dolce Gabbana, and your iPhone Lena is in the bag from Louis vuitton.
While Lena is confident that the advertising on it has no effect, and a sick stomach and an empty wallet — it's her own choice.
Predatory snout on TV chorus of support Lena in her naive misconception: "You're a free man, Helen, you're a smart and beautiful woman, and you are always totally voluntarily and independently choose which of us you dutifully take your regular salary."

Expensive things
Hleb is not rich enough to buy cheap things. More precisely, he is not rich. Hleb — poor, and the money he is often not even enough for a Cup of steaming coffee in the machine on the floor below his office.
However, to say, "Fuck you, it's too expensive for me" Gleb does not know how. Because of this, he constantly buys things that even a much more wealthy man's throat immediately closed cold green paws.
Leather jacket price in the two salaries? I am not so rich to buy cheap things. I do not care what the sizes and styles Gleb does not understand, because of what looks in this jacket as the brother of the fence.
The laptop is a recent model for eighty thousand roubles. I am not so rich to buy cheap things. Will take the credit under mad percent, will be two years to eat porridge with salt and ride the Bunny on the subway, but I will be on the shelf to gather dust beautiful silver laptop.
The question is, what would Gleb not to be modest, and not buy things a little worse, but ten times cheaper?
Yes, everything is simple. Gleb is a lazy to spend three hours of time to compare costs and specifications to calculate the pros and cons of buying. It is easier cavalry to shake his hand and say, "I decided, buy." Moreover, despite leaky boots and sealed with duct tape glasses, Gleb somehow shy to tell the sellers that he was lovesick.

Repair
Claudia believes that an apartment in Russia is too expensive. God knows how hard it is for her and her family was worth this new one bedroom apartment. Now Claudia makes repairs in the apartment.
Take, for example, the kitchen. You can go to the hardware store and buy the cheapest kitchen, thousands of so for eight roubles. For the money the Clave will get a few miserable from chipboard lockers, albeit without any claim to the design, but still able to store inside the plates and pans.
You can go to the Swedes at IKEA and pick yourself something more decent, way over fifty. Quality, of course, not a fountain, but if you find a good collector who will spend a few days on fine-tuning products stingy Swedes to mind, will turn out quite nice even.
You can visit any of our furniture factory and choose from the catalog of the kitchen under the order. This will already be a thousand two hundred, but girlfriend Claudia are approvingly to chop languages at the sight of the backlight inside the lockers and sinusoidal cornice above a dust collection decorative shelves.
You can go to the salon of Italian furniture and succumb to the modest charm of the bourgeoisie. Their prices begin anywhere from one million, but with a little luck, you can grab something from the old collection with huge discount...
I mean, what the chlorine Claudia with all the richness of choice bought a kitchen for six hundred thousand roubles. It is the annual (!) her husband salary. Any savings the family has planned had to take to complete the repair for the winter.
No, I understand the kitchen is important the kitchen is for a long time, Italy is the quality... However, if Claudia could not affect the price of the apartment, then she has at least the repair cost was in her power? So seriously, if Claudia had spent for repairs is not two million and two hundred thousand roubles  — that saved three years of work not paid for her mental suffering from the kind of cheap tiles and thin laminate?

Whining
Yegor constantly tells a familiar story, one just surprisingly different. About the crisis. About some politics, rallies. Yegor always on edge, he's always someone wrong: the boss, the police officer, the popularly elected President of the Russian Federation.
Of course, we live in a free country, and Yegor has the right in a circle of friends to impose genitals anyone... but Yegor is constantly suffering for other people's problems. The habit of meddling in other people's problems regularly makes it feel oppressive powerlessness, to realize that somewhere something bad, and he cannot change anything.
If Yegor someone to explain that our world is unfair, and that the only way to make it better is to start with yourself, Yegor, you could be in any management position. Brains and hands Yegor is in place, the energy of it and rushing.
Here are just Yegor, unfortunately, prefers to spend her boundless energy on constructive activities, and the conviction and punishment of people who — according to Yegor — behave incorrectly.
He thinks well adapted to the life of man: he knows how to make trouble and to stand on his own, maybe when the case even in the face to give. Friends look at Yegor with ill-concealed pity. As Yegor constantly getting into unexpectedly in scandals, fights, even in some ridiculous courts.

Lack of sleep
Olya sleeps six hours a day. Sometimes for five hours. Woke up, slammed coffee and let us make a fuss of the night.
The other girl in her place would have thought that there is something wrong lives. Nevertheless, Olga for many years now, not getting enough sleep, and think she has been Unlearning. When Olya rolled a free half hour, she pours himself another Cup of something refreshing drink ... and sits... blunt. Watching TV, sticks to the Internet, just looks exhausted eyes in the wall and as empty of thought.
From the outside, it seems as if to get out of this vicious circle is very simple. You just have to take it a rule to dive under the covers at exactly midnight. A couple of weeks eight hours of sleep, and she will not know. She will be calm and kind will cease to bark at people and begin to catch up.
But... to waltz to alter all things to the eleven that night need to take over a non-acidic conation. Such an effort sleepy Olya, alas, cannot.
Sleepy Olya will be to spend a few hours on all sorts of meaningless nonsense. Because of these lost hours Olya will be daily not go to bed at twelve and two. And at eight in the morning — like it or not — she will have sleepy to get up and capital to work. Where here to think about some kind of change of activity and a lot of money. So, dreams. [2] 
*****
Decided to postpone the stash for a rainy day. We understand this is the day when will be tight and will have nothing to drink even breadcrumbs. Well, or something like that. Now experts gave a full definition of this black day. This is so to speak a certain period in which you can live without a paycheck. In our time, the time taken for a rainy day should be half of the year. Then there are stocks you should have enough for exactly six months without work. Do you even have reserves for a rainy day? Hmm.... Then it will be tough. Once again, if you decide to defer a certain portion of, the first thing I need to save for a rainy day. It is equal to the sum of the costs for six months. Decent amount right?
*****
Enough for theory and for practice. As we know, each enterprise or the state have the budget. This plan of expenditure and income. Therefore, a person may be a plan of expenditures and revenues for a certain period. The budget includes current account plus income minus expenses.
If the expenses exceed revenues, the budget is reduced deficit. The excess of income over expenditure forms a positive budget balance (surplus).
*****
Incomes are different. In addition, a lot of them each of them is different. Key three: Salary, passive income and portfolio. Some refer to gain income. 
Nevertheless, I want to assure, are you not winning in lotteries or bookmakers can be attributed to stable sources of income? On the contrary, the excitement can play a cruel joke with you. No wonder they include excitement to those same deadly sins that can destroy a person. You interesting the other two? OK its alcohol, cigarettes and women. Alcohol and cigarettes are one. They always go together. I heard many times as friends rejoiced for the fact that I won a huge sum. Yeah I candidly happy for them. However, sometimes you hear a story like some big lost believing in the goddess of good luck. 
Salary earnings I think it is clear that this is what we get for goods, which we are produce at work. Some self-employed. Their income is equal to how much time they spend at work. Salaried workers are required to work a specified period and earn a profit.
Passive income is the income received because of doing business be it a restaurant or Parking lot leased. This type of income benefit businesspersons. Then if you have an apartment and you receive income in form of rent for the lease, then this income can be attribute to a passive income. 
Third income type of portfolio we receive from our existing balance of securities. If you own part of the joint stock company, the shares you generate income called portfolio. License to any intellectual product be it a song can also bring you the income.
*****
In relation to the income, categories of the costs are more. How many temptations in our world? In some cases, even hunting is to buy a thing that I do not know where it will lie after a while, than to preserve and enrich it.
In practice, there are the following main types of expenditures:
- buy food(food);
- the purchase of clothing and footwear(clothing);
- purchase of household goods(household appliances); 
- buy items of personal hygiene(hygiene);
- payment for housing and utility services(rent and com. services); 
- the cost of education and culture(education); 
- expenses for maintenance of health(health);
- expenses for entertainment(entertainment); 
- costs of transport(transport, petrol, etc.); 
Among these types of expenses is mandatory and derivatives. I choose the most basic are necessary in our daily life. 
Mandatory spending respond to the basic, vital needs. Such of expenses include the cost of food, clothing and shoes, household items, personal care, payment of housing and communal services, transport and taxes.
Arbitrary costs – its costs can be choose for spend their income. These costs, to the greatest extent, create the conditions for multilateral human development. Arbitrary costs are the costs of education, culture, leisure, entertainment, purchase of new equipment.
*****
The purpose of the budget is to reduce the impact of advertising factors and minimizing their costs. The more one gets the more income he begins to spend on entertainment and the purchase of new gadgets. This dependence was, firstly described by a German economist of the 19th century Ernst Engel.
The rule Engel - position, meaning that with a decrease in income increases the proportion spent on food, and decreases the share of expenditure on education, treatment and recreation in the structure of all costs.
From this rule, it follows that with decreasing revenues costs move toward less valuable benefits associated with meeting the simplest needs - food and clothing. With the increase of income, by contrast, increase the proportion of costs associated with the consumption of more complex and valuable goods - education, culture, recreation and entertainment. Please note that we are talking about the increase in absolute spending on food, and their fraction (specific gravity) in the General structure of all costs. It is clear that if the family per month has 30 thousand roubles of revenue, it spends them to buy bread than to acquire books or outings.
To characterize the welfare of the population of a country the most important is the share of expenditure on food in the total structure of all costs. If these costs exceed 50% of the population of such country is consider as poor.
Usually in countries with developed market economies, the share of expenditure on food is small. For example, in the USA it is 10%, Japan 15%, Sweden 16%. This is because the market economy of all human needs can most quickly satisfy nutritional needs. In Kazakhstan the average, spend on food a third of the wages. Next comes the satisfaction of needs in clothing. The share of these costs is also small. At the same time, the share of expenditures on education, recreation, entertainment is constantly growing. For example, in families USA's expenditure on education in 1.5-2 times higher than spending on food.
Expenditures economists see the changes of the so-called Engel curves.
*****
Let's think of what we can refer to assets. Here you have already started to budget and set aside a certain portion of the budget. Have accumulated for a rainy day. Now excess the excess because you need somewhere to sterilize, not there will be a temptation to them to spend. Now to assets include everything that brings you income. If you think that housing where you live your asset, it is my intention to disappoint you in that part is not active, since we do not receive from her income. But if you rent a room, then it is your asset. 
Types of assets:
-	Attachments
-	Insurance 
-	Stocks / Funds
-	Real estate
-	Business
-	Other 
Do not despair if you do not own all of this. The time will come when you will have personal possessions, plants, luxury, and maybe a private jet. Everything is in your hand.
*****
Logically I think you already understood that this category we have the opposite takes our ill blood work good. That is, a Liability is something that takes money out of your pocket, that is, add Costs.
The liabilities include: 
-	loans (all types of loans, and there are many);
-	huge house (may be partly a huge expense);
-	Mortgage (slavery for decades);
-	Taken debt;
-	Property required fixed costs, for example an old car can become your liability.
Some try immediately at the first opportunity to buy luxury items that cannot afford, and living on borrowed time. Of course the debt, sometimes even something good. If you take it on business development and the like.
*****
The effectiveness of any investment is determined by its profitability. The margins a lot but I decided to describe only two types. 
The coefficients of ROI (Return of Invetsment) and ROA (Return of Assets) the Ratios of the return on investment and return on Assets.
If we take business for example a taxi service. The asset in this case is the full cost of the service, i.e. 12 880 000 tenge, Liabilities - amount owed to the Bank mortgage, there are 10 900 000 tenge, and the Capital will be the amount of the initial contribution, that is, 1 980 000.
ROI is the ratio of profits from investments for the year to the cost of capital.
In our example, ROI is the ratio of profits from investments for the year to the cost of capital, i.e. ROI = (150 000 tenge*12 months). *100 / 1 980 000 tenge.= 90.9 % , and ROA is the ratio of profits from investments for the year to the value of the Asset, i.e. ROA= (150 000 tenge*12 months)*100 / 12 880 000 tenge. = 14 %. But then you also need to consider that the mortgage loan will need to pay.
For ROI can draw an analogy with a Bank Deposit because the interest rate of the Deposit – it is his ROI, i.e. the ratio of annual profit to the asset, i.e. the amount invested, as a percentage. 
ROA on the other can be understood as the payback period of the business.
*****
The formation of the middle class is a unique phenomenon in world history. Let us just say, it was not for all humankind. He appeared only in the twentieth century. In society, it serves a specific function. The middle class is the stabilizer of society. The more he has, the less likely that society will be shake by revolutions, ethnic conflicts, and social upheavals. The middle class separates two opposite poles, rich and poor, and makes them collide. Society Robin Hood. The thinner middle class, the closer to each other the polar points of the stratification, the more likely they clash and revolution. Conversely, the middle class is the broad consumer market for small and medium businesses. As a rule, the middle class includes those who have economic independence, i.e. owns the enterprise, company, office, and in his work. Scientists, priests, lawyers, doctors, middle managers, petty bourgeoisie is the social backbone of the society. In the middle class in modern Kazakhstan, include professionals (engineers, doctors, teachers, civil servants) of different forms of ownership, part of businesspersons, well-paid skilled workers, peasants, farmers, some intellectuals and others. In short, the middle class has all the layers and categories of the population income, financial income, in all its forms, gives the opportunity to live securely. Between the upper layer of the middle class and rich class in Kazakhstan have a lot in common? Therefore, the upper layer of the middle class is often take as the rich class. As for the middle-middle class, i.e. the middle layer of the middle class, he is in the countries with developed market, more clearly characterizes the economic, the political agenda and the social nature of the whole of the middle class. It is many, as the group living in middle class understand this layer of the middle class.
In the classification of the structure of our society, you can use the technique used by Russian sociologists. They consider obvious dependence of the level of income from belonging to a particular social stratum. And this dependence they are classified as follows (taking into account income for a family of four people). 
"The rich" (1-3% of the population):
-"higher layer"- total average income over 50 thousand dollars a month; 
-"middle upper class" income 25-50 thousand; 
- the «lower upper class" - 10-25 thousand.
"The middle class" (about 25% of the population): 
- - higher middle layer" and the income of 5-10 thousand dollars; 
-"the average middle layer" - income from 2-2,5 thousand to 5-6 thousand.
-"lower intermediate layer" and the income from 1 thousand up to 2-2,5 thousand dollars. 
"Poor" (70% or more of the population): 
"the highest of the lower layer from 450-500 to 1 thousands of dollars per family; 
-"the average of the lower layer is from 150 to 450-500 dollars; 
-"lower lower layer is equal to or below subsistence level, that is, below $ 150 per family. Of course, interest calculations Russian experts on the reality of Kazakhstan extrapolated cannot be. Especially in the part of the subject matter. For example, in Japan the average grade is 80% of the population, in the USA, Germany, England, about 80% of the population, therefore they are call how a countries or societies of the middle class.
*****
As you know in order to get a portfolio or passive income, you need each month to set aside a certain portion of their income. In addition, the sooner you start the better for you. Every business requires start-up capital. If you have the idea of promoting cakoni some of the rooms, but there is no initial capital you will postpone this matter indefinitely. Therefore, I want to convince you that this application is merely the Foundation in your financial literacy. To build her house is reserved only for you and each of your true path.
*****
Not so long ago my parents started to have insurance. It would seem that the innovation in our economy. However, think about it, saving the insurance company a certain portion of your income you can save yourself some shocks. In addition, to be precise if you do tomorrow will fall and break your arm for example, God forbid, the insurance company would pay your damage within 10-20 fold. Yes and no a matter of course, insuring themselves to sit and wait when I will break your arm. However, I assure you from such shocks no one is immune. I am only 22, but after a while, I am going to insure his life. For more details, you can learn about insurance at insurance consultants, which is my mom. If you interest of this part, then you can ask relevant questions on this mail Gulzhan6707@mail.ru.
*****